added some additional JSON schema features to the docs (#130)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/software-catalog/blueprint/blueprint.md

</details>

### Length

The length of a string can be constrained using the `minLength` and `maxLength` keywords. For both keywords, the value must be a non-negative number.

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "string",
  "minLength": 2,
  "maxLength": 3
}
```

> ### Regular Expressions

Reviewer: There is already a dedicated explanation about regex in the [docs](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#string-regular-expression-patterns). Please combine the new explanation with the old one, under the new **additional keywords** header

Author: done

The pattern keyword is used to restrict a string to a particular regular expression. The regular expression syntax is the one defined in JavaScript (ECMA 262 specifically) with Unicode support.

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "string",
  "pattern": "^[a-zA-Z0-9-]*-service$" // requires the value to be a string with letters/numbers/dash with the suffix "-service"
}
```

### Range

Ranges of numbers are specified using a combination of the `minimum` and `maximum` keywords, (or `exclusiveMinimum` and `exclusiveMaximum` for expressing exclusive range).

If _x_ is the value being validated, the following must hold true:

- _x_ ≥ `minimum`
- _x_ > `exclusiveMinimum`
- _x_ ≤ `maximum`
- _x_ < `exclusiveMaximum`

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "number",
  "minimum": 0,
  "exclusiveMaximum": 100
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a small explanation that the rule above allows x to be 0<=x<100

Author: done

### Items

> List validation is useful for arrays of arbitrary length where each item matches the same schema. For this kind of array, set the items keyword to a single schema that will be used to validate all of the items in the array.

Reviewer: There is already a section called [Special property types](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#special-property-types) which explains [object arrays](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#objects-array), [url arrays](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#urls-array) and [enums](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#enum), let's take those explanation and put them here, and delete the special property types header

Author: done

> List validation is useful for arrays of arbitrary length where each item matches the same schema. For this kind of array, set the items keyword to a single schema that will be used to validate all of the items in the array.

Reviewer: There is already a section called [Special property types](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#special-property-types) which explains [object arrays](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#objects-array), [url arrays](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#urls-array) and [enums](https://docs.getport.io/software-catalog/blueprint/#enum), let's take those explanation and put them here, and delete the special property types header

Author: done

In the following example, we define that each item in an array is a number:

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "array",
  "items": {
    "type": "number"
  }
}
```

### Properties

> The properties (key-value pairs) on an object are defined using the `properties` keyword. The value of `properties` is an object, where each key is the name of a property and each value is a schema used to validate that property. Any property that doesn’t match any of the property names in the `properties` keyword is ignored by this keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define the format and validation rules of key-value pairs inside an `object` property by using the `properties` key inside the `object` type definition.

The properties (key-value pairs) on an object are defined using the `properties` keyword. The value of `properties` is an object, where each key is the name of a property and each value is a schema used to validate that property. Any property that doesn’t match any of the property names in the `properties` keyword is ignored by this keyword.
```

Author: done

For example, let’s say we want to define a simple schema for service metadata:

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "object",
  "properties": {
    "config_file_path": { "type": "string" },
    "min_required_cpu": { "type": "number", "maximum": 8 }
  }
}
```

:::tip

> When using the `properties` keyword, you can also make use of the `additionalProperties` keyword to control the handling of extra stuff, that is, properties whose names are not listed in the properties keyword or match any of the regular expressions in the patternProperties keyword. By default, any additional properties are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the `properties` keyword, you can also make use of the `additionalProperties` keyword to control the handling of extra properties that were not explicitly defined. That is, properties whose names are not listed in the `properties` keyword of the `object` or match any of the regular expressions in the `patternProperties` keyword.

By default, any additional properties are allowed (`"additionalProperties": true`), by setting `additionalProperties` to `false`, only keys explicitly specified can be saved, and any other fields will be rejected (in the example below, only `config_file_path` and `min_required_cpu` will be allowed). 
```

Reviewer: can you add an example where you use patternProperties here? It is written but not explained, so people will probably not know how to use it

Author: I removed the part with the patternProperties, it's pretty advanced and I don't think anyone is going to use it...

</details>

### Enum

The `enum` keyword is used to restrict a value to a fixed set of values. It must be an array with at least one element, where each element is unique. Can be used with properties of type `string` or `number`.

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "title": "Enum field",
  "type": "string",
  // highlight-start
  "enum": ["Option 1", "Option 2", "Option 3"],
  "enumColors": {
    "Option 1": "red",
    "Option 2": "green",
    "Option 3": "blue"
  },
  // highlight-end
  "description": "Enum dropdown menu"
}
```

:::tip
When using the `enum` keyword, you can also make use of the `enumColors` key to define the colors of the available values.

Each key is one of the available enum options and each value is one of the following colors: `blue, turquoise, orange, purple, lightBlue, pink, yellow, green, red, darkGray`

If `enum` is defined without `enumColors` definitions, the default colors will be set
:::

### Length

The length of a string can be constrained using the `minLength` and `maxLength` keywords. For both keywords, the value must be a non-negative number.

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "type": "string",
  "minLength": 2,
  "maxLength": 3
}
```

> ### Regular Expressions

Reviewer 2: Expressions should be with a lower case "e"

}
```

### Properties

> It is possible to define the format and validation rules of key-value pairs inside an `object` property by using the `properties` keyword inside the `object` type definition.

Reviewer 2: it is = You can define...
